Finishing the experiments with Spec4b (#77)
freespek/ssf-mc: reports/spec4b.tex

\subsection{Model checking experiments}

Tables~\ref{tab:spec4b-experiments} and~\ref{tab:spec4b-inductiveness}
summarizes our experiments with Apalache for various configurations. One
interesting effect of the optimizations, especially of the ones presented in
Section~\ref{sec:decomposition}, is a significant drop in the memory
consumption of the SMT solver. In our experiments, Z3 required from 700~MB to
1.5~GB\@. While this is still a factor of 20 in comparison to the Alloy
experiments in Section~\ref{sec:alloy}, this is significantly better than our
initial experiments with~\SpecTwo{} and~\SpecThree{}, which required up to
20~GB of RAM\@. Interestingly, inductiveness checks in
Table~\ref{tab:spec4b-inductiveness} take significantly longer than in the case
of~\SpecFour{}. We conjecture that this is caused by the need to check more
specialized graphs in conjunction with steps.

> We notice significant variations in the running times on different
> configurations. This is probably due to the effect of different runs of the Z3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We observe that the run-times depend on the different
configurations used. This is probably due to the effect of built-in variance of runs of the Z3
```
cont'd below

> SMT solve having great variation of running times, which is well-known in the

Reviewer: cont'd from above
```suggestion
SMT solver, which is well-known in the
```
